OBJECTIVE:

Learn about LLMs and create a very simple one using shakesphere transcripts.

Features Added:
- save and load checkpoints
- memory to add context and improve continuity
- early stop durring training



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
My code was adapted from this youtube video and github:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCc8FmEb1nY
https://github.com/karpathy/ng-video-lecture

I used google colab for my initial playground:
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1l6sV3asJDoHQzKZ9UqFDiqMlfx0mrNvm?usp=sharing



Example Output (10k with learning rate of 1e-3, then another 10k on the reulting model at lr of 1e-4):

YORK:
Romeo, which that year mades, and you enamight.

MENENIUS:
I'll buy fought the traitor:
For enfright you, not prizy our
Yourself full heart my false.

KING HENRENSIO:
Of thy living the deep me now on you musel lind tear.
How my crimence up; and plew you love.
I croop'd, gods, but your like again Willo your piicks with this 
if his hopen wild have his buy: kingn not the son; if how what thy flesh the pain.
Forgon? I am I so, as, you are advancably great?

Ghost Musican:
His lips, from me.

MOPEERAUL:
Reary.
You come withmes how; myself powers.

NORTHUMBERRY; Henry:

HORTENE:
Ayband.

JULIET:
I'll shoutch glory
In as he lap in somerues Peet me over:
He pass'd your counted, by me: in doubt,
Or Romeo, not come, she spenish, no duke forgot me
You courbeakes against us weak so! who love no man stoople I?    

GLOUCESTER:
I should I speak post
no noble thing fellow of this deter no stee them
That you on what those there, speciled be thought him the is.    

BENVOLIO:
You therefore! thou come.

MARIANA:
Are you, go, I husband; he when the very hear to take all not weep should
As be resentings and early infin itself:
O this factory, and a blood and blood
AIntrancious in closile, the ancience of Glouchard their pleing brought to shall eat to be:
thas joy adful HowerertaNT:
Not lose, the oldro's dajes, I from his must hoped;
And but his fail confin. What'st thou at my life the beseech are volemning to them. Gentleman:
No, I think years no Twomenteny, delal!
How no yield best are holy to her be; I sometime, I them wars, eves;
Rever to a a--

AUFID:
O therefore is comfourable, shors
Ere you, dried? shame, he in the house:

And as I'll suppiciation confinend entrus, whele,
Burn make but cry, thou with amongly
As loget her at the sworn fair? But I hope but the peers.

QUEEN ELIZESHER:
Nor is a scear.
Were is as not yet, yet is and gracious
Than take the bed flance is PRupartion: I'll not whom fourth me suppecior:
Ghen be a anail